hi this is shannon with the surf channel
we're here in Huntington Beach
California for the US Open of Surfing
today's the day surf channel finally
announces its launch and interviews the
man himself Kelly Slater Kelly Slater
Houser he today it was alright um start
out with a lot of waves their whole
bunch of sets actually kind of strong
current today but uh yeah it's nice to
have some waves kind of closing out
pretty quickly but not too bad just I
mean it's better than having nothing
what do you think about a channel
dedicated just surfing and surfing only
ya know it's great i mean and in hawaii
there's a channel that plays I'll
surfing all the time so it's kind of
cool just to leave it on it's like it
just constantly get to watch surfing
it's great don't show you the secret
spots Alice checked in your california
native 17 year old surfer lakey peterson
who just scored the highest total US
open
not a good feeling um feels really good
it's a lot of confidence going into my
next heat pressure and I was just having
a great time and you know there's a big
crowd down here today which always kind
of makes me want to perform better so I
think that had to do with it and yeah
just thanks to God for the beautiful day
and the beautiful waves he's in us and
yeah I've had a great time awesome and
how are the conditions different from
the rest of the week today it's a lot
more consistent which is nice because
the other heats doing the event there
wasn't that many ways and there was kind
of a lot of hassling and that's just
never fun you know it's best when
everyone can kind of get their ways and
and surf their best so yeah so I stood
that it was consistent out there
be sure to check out the surf channel
com for up-to-date heat highlights
I